Tweaks about secure global variables (#6424)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/settings/_index.md

1. Enter a **Variable Name**. Your variable name can only use uppercase letters, numbers, and underscores.
2. Enter the given **Value**.

> 3. Decide whether to make your variable secure. Securing your variable will obfuscate its value for all users on your test results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Decide whether to make your variable secure. Securing your variable obfuscates its value for all users on your test results.
```

1. Enter a **Variable Name**. Your variable name can only use uppercase letters, numbers, and underscores.
2. Pick the test you want to extract your variable from.

> 3. Decide whether to make your variable secure. Securing your variable will obfuscate its value for all users on your test results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Decide whether to make your variable secure. Securing your variable obfuscates its value for all users on your test results.
```
